Support storage tiering (#203)
harvester/docs: docs/vm/create-vm.md

| disk   | A disk disk will expose the volume as an ordinary disk to the VM.                              |
| cd-rom | A cd-rom disk will expose the volume as a cd-rom drive to the VM. It is read-only by default.  |

> You can also specify the [StorageClass](../advanced/storageclass.md) of a volume when adding an empty volume, but the StorageClass for an image volume needs to be specified when the image is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A volume's [Storage Class](../advanced/storageclass.md) can be specified when adding a new empty volume; for other volumes (such as VM images), the `Storage Class` is defined during image creation.
```
